*opted.txt*

opted.vim is a Vim plugin for consulting the Online Plain Text
English Dictionary (OPTED),
http://www.mso.anu.edu.au/~ralph/OPTED.

The OPTED is a public-domain dictionary based on the etext compiled
by Project Gutenberg from the 1913 version of Webster's
Unabridged Dictionary. It has about 180k entries.

*opted-installation*

Put the file opted.vim in one of your Vim plugin directories,
e.g., ~/.vim/plugin.

That's it.

*opted-usage*

From Vim, you may now use the command `gm` to open up a tab with
a window into the OPTED.

This OPTED window is the result of obtaining (via `wget`) and
transforming the original OPTED files into Vim-suitable `.txt`
and `tags` files. This transformation is a time-consuming
process, but it need be done only once, and thus happens only the
first time `gm` is called.  (To avoid an unseemly delay when you
try to consult the dictionary for the very first time from Vim,
you could pre-build the `.txt` and `tags` files by calling

vim -c "norm gm" -c q

from your Unix command line.)

Once in the OPTED window, you may use any of Vim's several |tags|
commands to specify a dictionary headword as a tag. E.g.,

:tj lexicon

or

:tj /lexicon

(The first call to `gm` helpfully writes out a first |:tj| for
you on the Vim command line.)

Vim allows both completion and regular expressions on tags, so
you don't have to have the spelling down pat. Jumping to the tag
will show the definition of the headword.  You can also browse
around the thus-obtained definition with the usual Vim
|navigation| commands.

You may also simply use `gm` for all searches without having to
use explicit tab commands. At all times, there is at most one tab
dedicated to the OPTED.

Last modified: 2015-05-30

 vi:ft=help
